docs: added note about new RouterLink constructors (#1587) (#1588)
vaadin/docs: articles/routing/navigation.asciidoc

}
----

[NOTE]

> Create [classname]`RouterLink` without text using [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)`.

Reviewer: I don't think there’s a need to use an admonition here. The sentence works just fine as part of the regular flow of content.

```suggestion
You can create a [classname]`RouterLink` without providing an explicit label using the [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)` method.
```

Reviewer 2: I like my suggestion below better as it includes an example and the since tag.

}
----

> [NOTE]
> Since Flow 23.2 new constructor signatures have been introduced. Using ambiguous constructor calls will cause build errors. For example `new RouterLink(null, viewClass)` can refer to both `public RouterLink(String text, Class<? extends Component> navigationTarget)` and `public RouterLink(Router router,
> Class<? extends Component> navigationTarget)`.
> 

Reviewer: Always define a title for admonitions. It’s usually quite easy by promoting the most important information from the admonition to be the title.

Break sentences on new lines. This makes editing slightly easier (to move lines) and also more easily indicates if you have really long sentences (which are usually harder for the reader to understand).

I think a `CAUTION` admonition is in order (vs a more discrete `NOTE`), as this warns about build errors.

Avoid version specific text if possible, to keep the documentation texts “evergreen”.

```suggestion
.Using ambiguous constructor calls will cause build errors
[CAUTION]
For example, [methodname]`new RouterLink(null, viewClass)` can refer to both [methodname]`public RouterLink(String text, Class<? extends Component> navigationTarget)` and [methodname]`public RouterLink(Router router,
Class<? extends Component> navigationTarget)`.

```

Author: Yes, thanks for remarks, suggestion committed.

}
----

> .Using ambiguous constructor calls will cause build errors

Reviewer 3: The idea behind implemented feature was to provide a constructor without text.
Thus, I propose to just mention this possibility here in the docs: developers don't need to call `RouterLink(String text, Class<? extends Component> navigationTarget)` and pass `""` or `null` there, but instead call the constructor with only class as a parameter. I don't think we have to tell readers about ambiguous constructors.

Author: > I don't think we have to tell readers about ambiguous constructors. 

so maybe that docs change could be dropped?

Reviewer 3: Yes.
Only mention that the text parameter is optional and there is a constructor available without it.

Author: How about:
<img width="777" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106965834/183082459-2349b413-0e2b-4c12-9239-b4d5a71a2a59.png">

}
----

[NOTE]

> Create [classname]`RouterLink` without text using [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)` if you want to embed other elements into [classname]`RouterLink` without text, for example images or icons.
```

> Use [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)` if you want to embed other elements into [classname]`RouterLink` without text, for example images or icons.

Reviewer 2: We need to indicate to the reader that this feature is only available from V23.2. @jouni is there a way to attach the since tag to the note?

(Btw, I wonder if this is better as a "TIP", not a "NOTE").

Reviewer: > is there a way to attach the since tag to the note?

`[since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V23.2]#Some sentence here that only applies for V23.2#`

Reviewer: > (Btw, I wonder if this is better as a "TIP", not a "NOTE").

Like I posted before, I don't think this needs to be an admonition at all.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

Author: Second review comments applied

> [NOTE]
> Use [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)` if you want to embed other elements into [classname]`RouterLink` without text, for example images or icons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V23.2]#Use [methodname]`new RouterLink(viewClass)` if you want to embed other elements into [classname]`RouterLink` without text, for example images or icons.#

*Example*: Using [classname]`RouterLink` with an icon instead of text.
[source,java]
----
void buildMenu() {
    Icon vaadinIcon = new Icon(VaadinIcon.HOME);
    RouterLink link = new RouterLink(HomeView.class);
    link.add(vaadinIcon);
    menu.add(link);
}

@Route(value = "")
public class HomeView extends Component {
}
----
```

anchor.getElement().setAttribute("target", "_blank");
----

Note that Vaadin Router intercepts all anchor elements since Vaadin 15.
This means that unlike in earlier versions, clicking on a standard link does not cause a full page reload to happen by default.
If you want a full page reload to happen, for example when navigating to a page that is not implemented using Vaadin, you can add `router-ignore` <<../create-ui/element-api/properties-attributes/#about-attributes, attribute>>; for example, `<a router-ignore href="company">Go to the company page</a>`.
This can be done from the Java API as follows:

[source, java]
----
Anchor anchor = new Anchor("/hello", "Go to /hello route");
anchor.getElement().setAttribute("router-ignore", "");
----

> 

Reviewer 2: @MarcinVaadin @mshabarov why were these lines removed?

Author: There was a conflict during merge, maybe I've resolved it wrongly, let me check.

Reviewer 3: When I was checked, they were removed and moved few lines below...Let's fix it in another PR

Author: Revert PR created https://github.com/vaadin/docs/pull/1609
